# Directory Structure

- [Introduction](#intro)
- [The Root Directory](#project)
- [The `content` Directory](#content)
  - [The `assets` Directory](#static)
- [The `resources` Directory](#resource)
    - [The `assets` Directory](#assets)
    - [The `views` Directory](#views)
- [The `blog` Directory](#blog)
- [The `docs` Directory](#docs)


{#intro}
## [](#intro) Introduction
The default directory structure of Sereno is intended to provide a great
starting point. It includes a complete demo website with blog and docs enabled
out of the box.

{#project}
## [](#project) The Root Directory

#### The `_cache` Directory
The `_cache` directory stores temporary views used to build the website. It is
autogenerated at build time.

#### The `content` Directory
The `content` directory stores all source code of the website. We will explore
this directory in more detail soon.

#### The `public` Directory
The `public` directory, as expected, stores your website. Contents of this
directory are autogenerated at build time.

#### The `node_modules` Directory
The `node_modules` directory is created by NPM or Yarn to store javascript
dependencies.

#### The `vendor` Directory
The `vendor` directory contains your Composer dependencies.

#### Other Files

Your Composer dependencies are listed in `composer.json` and `composer.lock`.

Javascript dependencies are listed in `package.json` and `yarn.lock`.

`.gitignore` configures git to excludes unwanted files from version history.

Sereno configurations are stored in `config.php` and `config.dev.php`. We will
explore configurations in detail further.

`gulpfile.js` controls the build process of the Sereno.

`sereno` provides a command line interface for Sereno.

{#content}
## [](#content) The Content Directory
The `content` directory houses your websites code. All files in this directory are treated as content for your
website.

Blade and Markdown files are rendered as pages and rest files are copied as it is.

{#static}
#### The `assets` Directory
The `assets` directory contains static files like images, scripts and styles.

{#resources}
## The Resources Directory
The `resources` directory contains Blade components and resources. You can tweak
these files to get a personalized look for your website.

{#assets}
##### The `assets` Directory
The `assets` sub-directory contains Javascript and SCSS styles.

{#views}
#### The `views` Directory
The `views` sub-directory contains overridden blade components.

{#blog}
## The Blog Directory
The `blog` directory provide customized rendering to produce your.

{#docs}
## The Docs Directory
The `docs` directory produces a sleek documentation for your project.

<br><br><br>
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
[Edit this page on Github](https://github.com/znck/sereno.in/edit/master/docs/directory-structure.md)
